chore: dfx copy updates (#586)
dfinity/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/cli-reference/dfx-identity.adoc

= dfx identity

> Use the `+dfx identity+` command with subcommands and flags to manage the identities used to execute commands and communicate with the {platform}. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `+dfx identity+` command with subcommands and flags to manage the identities used to execute commands and communicate with the local canister execution environment or the Internet Computer blockchain. 
```

Creating multiple user identities enables you to test user-based access controls.

> The basic syntax for running `+dfx identity+` commands is:

Reviewer: L30: remove "on a network"

Reviewer: L106: Note that you must be connected to the {IC} network or running the network locally to run this command.  => Note that you must be connected to local canister execution environment or the Internet Computer blockchain.

Reviewer: L137: To display the canister identifier for the wallet canister associated with your identity on a specific network, you might run a command similar to the following:
[source,bash]
----
dfx identity --network=https://192.168.74.4 get-wallet

I'd omit this example

Reviewer: L418: omit "have access to more than one {IC} network or "
